[Music]
ten mistakes that make people use you
have you ever noticed that a good person
isn't often well respected they help
others out there patient but for some
reason they constantly feel upset and
lonely psychologists believe the reason
is mistakes these people make in their
behavior
for instance esteem doesn't have to be
the result of actions or behavior did
you know about that here's the most
common mistakes you probably do so that
people don't respect you and never
listen to you number 10
needless self-sacrifice you suppress
your own needs for the sake of peace but
the world doesn't notice it when people
offend you you feel uncomfortable in
front of them this will inevitably mean
that people will upset you over and over
again how to change this
[Music]
don't be afraid to tell the world about
what you don't like actually it might
cost people nothing to meet you halfway
otherwise you're needless self-sacrifice
won't be noticed by anyone at all number
nine a lack of self-respect
you don't seem to feel it when people
bump into you and you close your eyes to
these awkward moments however someone
who is rude by Nature old love or
respect you for that so why are you
putting up with
if someone behaves in a way that they
don't give a damn about you
it means they really don't don't look
for excuses for rude people they don't
deserve it
always respect yourself number eight
seeking approval from others people who
always have a need for approval from
others give out signals that there's
something wrong in their lives as a
result almost everyone starts avoiding
them what to do
you should stop waiting for praise you
don't need to be told you're a good
person to be one also don't be scared of
criticism people will criticize you all
the time for anything you do for one
reason or another keep in mind that your
opinion of yourself should always be the
most important number seven thinking
that the problem is only yourself
[Music]
you automatically believe people are
right except when it comes to yourself
you put the responsibility for what's
going on around on yourself no one is
going to thank you for this taking
advantage of you and making your life
even harder might be easier for others
under such circumstances there is no
point in looking for someone to blame
torturing yourself won't bring you any
love for mothers but only pity you
should focus your efforts on finding a
solution to the problem number 6 showing
off
emphasizing your victories and begging
for respect can lead to a dependent
relationship trying to convince others
that you're a good person
you'll end up getting rejected
[Music]
you can show you our word something only
by believing in yourself and being
yourself when you know your value you
don't need to prove it to anyone
number five a fear of rejection you
don't want to upset anyone even if it
makes you unhappy you pretend everything
is okay to prevent other people from
worrying as a result you are never
satisfied
[Music]
don't be afraid to say no even the
nicest people in the world may try to
use you if you allow them to help others
only when you want to number four
being deaf to your interests you've
become accustomed to adjusting to other
people's needs and find it difficult to
understand what your desires are you
don't decide what to do for yourself
instead you take others wishes for your
own you should know that it's far from
the definition of kindness
learn to listen to your desires and
don't be afraid of offending others
normally our fears don't have a basis in
reality and it's always possible to find
a compromise number three you don't
limit what's acceptable you forgive
others because it's easier to do so than
to stand up for yourself when other
people show disrespect towards you you
find an excuse for them in your mind you
need to determine the limits of
acceptable behavior and don't let others
overstep these boundaries people who
agree to anything are not respected
number two a fear of loneliness
[Music]
you turn your relationship into a cult
and sacrifice yourself
what's more you feel comfortable doing
so that's why bullies narcissists and
egoist gravitate towards you well
you allow yourself to be used how to
change this you don't need to choose
between your relationship and your
self-worth when others force you to make
that choice and something is going wrong
be brave and don't be afraid of change
think of being alone as being free
rather than lonely only then you won't
be alone for long number one you believe
you need to earn respect
you don't accept that respect isn't the
result of actions or behavior you don't
feel comfortable when your relationship
with someone is one of equals as you
think you have to earn their respect you
feel that a person has value only when
they give something back
[Music]
you know what you don't need to buy love
or respect learn to love and be loved
unconditionally can you easily find
common language with others share your
thoughts in the comments below don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
light